note about non-public api (#804)
percona/percona-backup-mongodb: README.md

Alternatively, you can [run Percona Backup for MongoDB as a Docker container](https://hub.docker.com/r/percona/percona-backup-mongodb).

> NOTE: The repo contains source code to build binaries. It is not a library and it is not intended to be used directly by calling exposed functions, types, etc.

Reviewer: What's the purpose of this note? What message do we want to say, and in what context? Perhaps this should be moved to the very top?

> Please, use `pbm` CLI as it is the only public API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please, use `pbm` CLI as the publicly available API. See [PBM commands](https://docs.percona.com/percona-backup-mongodb/reference/pbm-commands.html) for reference.
```
